### `configure_supervisor_core `

Contained in `lib/functions.d/configure-supervisor.sh`

Function signature: 791d70bd40d5321833762eec6e797655e2f05a2aae1ffb9e5e783ccacdf6127a

### Function Overview

The function `configure_supervisor_core` creates a configuration file for the supervisor program at the location defined by `SUPERVISORD_CONF`. This configuration file includes settings for a UNIX http server, supervisorctl, an RPC interface for supervisor, and supervisord itself. Additionally, the function ensures the existence of base log directories and logs the creation of the configuration file using `hps_log`.

### Technical Description

- **Name**: `configure_supervisor_core`
- **Description**: This function creates a supervisord configuration file at a predefined location and ensures the creation of pertinent log directories.
- **Globals**: [ `HPS_SERVICE_CONFIG_DIR`: The directory where the supervisord configuration file is to be created, `HPS_LOG_DIR`: The root directory where logs are to be stored ]
- **Arguments**: None.
- **Outputs**: Logs the creation of the supervisord configuration file.
- **Returns**: This function does not return a specific outcome; it performs actions (writes a configuration file) and candidates for several side effects (such as creating directories and writing logs)
- **Example usage**:

```bash
configure_supervisor_core
```

### Quality and Security Recommendations

1. The username and password for the UNIX http server and supervisorctl are hardcoded to 'admin' and 'ignored-but-needed' respectively. It would be advisable to secure this further by either requesting these as inputs from the user or generating them securely within the function.
2. Logs generated by `hps_log` potentially may have confidential or sensitive information, such as the paths of log directories or supervision configuration files. Ensure that they are appropriately protected.
3. The function expects certain global variables (e.g., `HPS_SERVICE_CONFIG_DIR`, `HPS_LOG_DIR`) to be set beforehand. If not set, the function might produce unexpected results. Appropriate error handling or default value assignment could be used to mitigate this.
4. The function runs with root user privileges as specified in the `user=root` configuration setting. This can bring security risks if the supervisord process is compromised. Consider using a non-root user where possible.

