#### `hps_services_stop`

Contained in `lib/functions.d/system-functions.sh`

Function signature: 7353ea08d49309b1aa8e3187b443507d430fd727f57e8ecc29accbe8383b6169

##### Function overview

The `hps_services_stop` function is a Bash function designed to stop all services being managed by Supervisor. Supervisor is a client/server system that allows its users to monitor and control a number of processes on UNIX-like operating systems. `supervisorctl` is the command-line client piece of the supervisor. It provides a shell-like interface to the features provided by the Supervisor server. This function can be particularly useful in scripts or as a part of larger system operations where certain services need to be stopped at certain times.

##### Technical description 

- **Name**: `hps_services_stop`
- **Description**: This function stops all services that are being managed by `supervisorctl` by explicitly calling the `stop all` command on `supervisorctl`. The function utilizes a configuration directory specified by the `HPS_SERVICE_CONFIG_DIR` global.
- **Globals**: [ `HPS_SERVICE_CONFIG_DIR`: The directory where the `supervisord.conf` file is located. This config file is used by `supervisorctl` to control the services. ]
- **Arguments**: None are required for the function to properly execute.
- **Outputs**: Will output any information or errors generated by the `supervisorctl stop all` command.
- **Returns**: Returns the exit status of the `supervisorctl stop all` command.
- **Example usage**:
   ```bash
   hps_services_stop
   ```

##### Quality and security recommendations

1. Be cautious with who has access to running this function, as stopping all services can have dramatic implications.
2. Ensure that there is proper error handling both within the function and wherever the function is being called from. Always check the return status of critical function calls.
3. Find ways to limit the usage of global variables as they can create hard dependencies across your code, which may lead to unexpected behavior and hard to debug code.
4. For added security, you may want to consider implementing additional checks to ensure that the `supervisord.conf` file is in the correct location and has the correct permissions before attempting to run the `supervisorctl` command.

