#### `remote_function_lib `

Contained in `lib/functions.d/kickstart-functions.sh`

Function signature: b6d9cd335e4f61b186f614aa07279b2f8bdd77298bf573a231ffd21869c18118

##### Function overview

This function `remote_function_lib` is used to inject pre and post sections into a specific file. It utilizes the concept of here documents in bash scripting to create static blocks of text. The function reads from the "EOF" (End Of File) marker until it encounters another "EOF" marker, taking the input between both markers and passing it as an output. This is often used for multi-line strings or scripting inside scripting.

##### Technical description

- **name:** remote_function_lib
- **description:** A function that uses the here document syntax (<<EOF ... EOF) to inject pre and post segments into a specific file. It could be very useful when you need to append static multi-line text into files or scripts.
- **globals:** None
- **arguments:** None
- **outputs:** Injects specified text into a given file
- **returns:** None
- **example usage:** 
  ```
  remote_function_lib > target.sh
  ```
  This example will redirect the contents generated by `remote_function_lib` to a file named `target.sh`.

##### Quality and security recommendations

1. The here document syntax could potentially lead to command injection if incorrect data is supplied. Be sure to validate input data.
2. The cat command can result in displaying or injecting of unintended data. Streamlined error handling could prevent misdirected data from being displayed.
3. It is recommended that repetitive tasks such as this function are placed in their own script file. This will promote code reusability and maintainability.
4. It is unclear as to what exactly the pre and post sections would contain. Having clear documentation about the expected contents can improve understandability and usability.
5. The function could return a status or a value indicating its success or failure which would improve error handling capabilities.

