### `_ips_resolv_conf_update `

Contained in `lib/functions.d/dns-dhcp-functions.sh`

Function signature: 360453a9bdc29599bd8d559a36b42bdb89b837fb625135b094a7b14b1b859daf

### Function Overview 

The `_ips_resolv_conf_update` function is a Bash function designed to update the resolv.conf file, which is used by the resolver library to resolve hostnames into IP addresses. It fetches the IP address using `get_ips_address` function and DNS domain from the cluster's configuration. If either of these steps fails, it logs an error message and exits with a non-zero status code. If these operations are successful, the function updates `/etc/resolv.conf` with the new nameserver and search domain, logs an info message, and returns 0.

### Technical Description 

- **Name**: `_ips_resolv_conf_update`
- **Description**: A bash function designed to update the `/etc/resolv.conf` file with IP address generated by `get_ips_address` and DNS domain from clusters configuration. 
- **Globals**: None
- **Arguments**: None
- **Outputs**: If executed successfully, a new `/etc/resolv.conf` file is created. Messages to the standard output in case of errors.
- **Returns**: 
   - 1, in case of any errors while fetching IP address or DNS domain.
   - 0, after successfully updating the `/etc/resolv.conf` file.
- **Example Usage**: 
  ```bash
  _ips_resolv_conf_update
  ```

### Quality and Security Recommendations 

1. Incorporate validation checks to confirm that the returned IPS address and DNS domain are in the expected formats.
2. Consider adding more detailed logging. Include, for instance, the actual error message that caused the failure.
3. Avoid writing directly to `/etc/resolv.conf`. Preferably, write to a temporary file, then move that temporary file to `/etc/resolv.conf`.
4. Always perform file operations securely and in a robust manner.
5. Consider using more clear and descriptive function and variable names to improve the readability and maintainability of the code.

